# AR-Study-Platform-Electrothon-Project
Since the emergence of Covid-19, everything, be it a business meeting or a regular classroom session, has been conducted online. Industries, livelihoods, communities, primarily everyone around us has been impacted in some way or the other. The need of the hour eventually led the learning system to shift online on a larger scale: both at the educational and training level. This came with several challenges as elucidating the academic concepts entirely on online platforms was not a straightforward task. Incapability to explain the concepts led to incomprehensive learning, and considering this modern-day problem, the idea of involving specific tools to resolve the same came up.  

Imagine viewing and interacting with all the real-world objects in 3D. Turning this vision into reality is no big deal at present. With Augmented Reality, anyone can be a creator and make learning a much more interactive experience. AR overlays digital content and information onto the physical world seamlessly as if it is indeed there in the user’s space. A wide range of Augmented Reality solutions is available today, all of which can decipher the present-day industrial problems.

From the time this concept has set its foot in the various industries, mainly in education and IT sector companies, dissemination of ideas, information, and data has become a lot more enticing. AR tools play a vital role in disseminating training and facilitating smooth learning at every level while eliminating the element of boredom. You can achieve it all and view the content in an enhanced version by implying digital visual features, sound, and other user-friendly and easily accessible tools. 
